I found this assignment to be quite difficult. It can be hard for me to wrap my head around the logic of putting things into Python. Something that was helpful to me was writing out the actal problem and how I would solve it on paper. Like you said during a lecture, it's much more difficult to just try and start coding with no idea of where I am supposed to go. 
For the nuggets problem this was much the case. The for loops had me confused at first, but creating the dictionary for small, medium, large helped sort out some of my confusion as it made it much more understandable since it was in a language I understood. I find it very helpful to follow the code that you provide so I can see how the code works and understand it line by line. 
For the guess my number I got quite frustrated because I had a simple mistake that was throwing an error that I couldn't find forever! That is one plus of pair programming, is that when my eyes go blind to the code I could have Quinn read over it to help find the mistakes and vice versa. Simple spelling/typing erros may be the death of me because they can be hard to find. The example code on this problem was quite helpful too as it gave me something to work backwards from. It did take me a minute to wrap my head around the logic of me playing against the computer. After we talked about what Binary Search was in class, we were able to adapt that to our code so that the result could be generated much quicker. 
Problem three and four were the most difficult for me to understand. I have taken the intro finance classes but I didn't have a super strong understanding of the equations themselves so that was the first battle I had to overcome. Working with Quinn on those two problems were great because he understands the finance side really well and could help walk me through the problems on paper and excel until I understood the mechanics so that we could try and tackle them in python. The fourth problem also threw me for a loop because there were so many different parts to understand. The lecutre time we spent on that problem was really helpful and after class I had to watch the lecture again and work through that problema number of times to get a better grasp on it. 